initial drafts of principles and framework for proposals (#22)
w3c-cg/solid: principles.md

# Principles

*This is an early draft and currently it does NOT represent a rough consensus,
please use the issue tracker to iteratively improve it*

* The mission of the Solid CG is to provide a home for incubation
  of proposals related to Solid.
* The CG is not a standards group. It is not the CG's role to determine
  "what is suitable for Solid."
* The fact that the Solid CG provides a home for incubation does not mean

>   that the CG endorses any particular proposal, or guarantees that any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that the CG endorses any particular proposal, nor guarantee that any
```

  particular proposal will be subsequently adopted by another group.

> * The Solid CG is an inclusive forum where diversity ideas are shared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Solid CG is an inclusive forum where diverse ideas are shared
```
